[singing voice] Aniplex.
[beeping]
[magical whooshing]
[grunts]
[Shizuku] Half a minute?
[Shizuku] Five seconds.
Four, three, two, one.
[buzzing]
[all cheering]
[grunts]
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
♪♪ Hey welcome
to our special rising ♪♪
♪♪ Can you distance standby
Here we go ♪♪
[LiSA's "Rising Hope"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Pay attention
Hey what is it ♪♪
♪♪ Watch your step now ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Are you serious
No, no, no, don't worry ♪♪
♪♪ One two three ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I'm feeling magical ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I seen my hope ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
[Mayumi] That was impressive,
Tatsuya.
‐ What a decisive victory!
‐ [groaning]
‐ Uh, chairwoman,
maybe tone it down a bit.
‐ Uh, sorry about that.
[all giggling]
But that's seriously amazing.
First High sweeping
the podium like that?
The winner and the runner up,
and even the third place
finisher out there today, too.
[Tatsuya] Their accomplishments
are theirs alone, not mine.
Miss Takigawa,
Miss Akechi,
and Miss Kitayama
were all impressive, too.
All three of you did
a good job today.
[both] Thank you very much,
chairwoman.
That's very true
but at the same time
your own achievements
shouldn't be denied.
There's no question about it.
That was a route.
It's nothing,
but I appreciate that.
Oh, come on.
Why do you have to be so humble?
It's quite the accomplishment
to get all of our players
on the winning podium.
[Mayumi] Whether you're willing
to admit it or not,
that's all thanks
to your engineering skills,
which is just a matter
of fact the rest
of us here all recognize.
I have a hard time believing it
as well.
It's like being under
the illusion
that my magical skills
suddenly improved.
Especially in regard
to Miss Kitayama's magic.
The university
has already approached us.
They'd like
to officially register
that new technique into
the Magic University's index.
Hold on.
Does that mean the school
would adopt it as a new type
of magic?
[Tatsuya] Is that correct?
When they inquire
who developed it,
make sure to only give
Miss Kitayama's name.
What?
We can't possibly do that.
It was your original idea,
Tatsuya.
It's the first person to use
a new type of magic
who is customarily considered
to be the originator
of the arcane.
You know,
being overly modest
can sound like sarcasm.
[Tatsuya] It's not modesty.
Then what is the big deal here?
Truthfully,
I'm simply trying
to spare myself
from any public humiliation.
Not being able to use
the magic I developed
would be embarrassing
if people knew I invented it.
How exactly did you confirm
the operability of magic
you can't use yourself?
[Tatsuya] It isn't like
I can't use it at all.
It's just it would take far
too long
for me to activate it.
I'm not at the level
I could effectively utilize it.
[Mayumi] Come on, now!
Forget about that!
Both of you,
can we just agree
that it's not worth
worrying over, please?
We did get off
to a good start today after all,
wouldn't you say?
Tatsuya, listen.
I'm counting on you to keep
this up for us, all right?
[grunts]
[Tatsuya] It is a good start,
isn't it?
[Boy] Masaki, about that stunt
First High pulled.
You're saying it wasn't due
to the talents
of those three girls?
Absolutely.
Kitayama who came in first today
showed superb magic skills
but the second
and third place finishers
didn't strike me as being
all that exceptional in nature.
Based on magic power,
well,
there's simply no way
that First High
would have swept silver
and bronze.
And besides,
we're maintaining a strong lead
in the Battle Board event
so far.
I don't envision First High
as having standouts only among
their first years.
George is correct
in saying that.
We didn't lose
in terms of talent level.
Which could mean
there's another factor
in play here.
Their engineer.
It must be.
I'll bet their
first‐year engineer
who they have in charge
of the girls'
Speed Shooting event
must have a mind‐blowing
technical skill set.
My thoughts exactly.
George, that device
the first place girl used,
did you notice it?
[grunts]
I believe it was
a general model, right?
What?
No way.
But didn't it have
auxiliary sights?
That's right.
How's that possible?
I've never heard
of a generalized device
in rifle form.
I've never seen any such thing
in a manufacturer's catalog.
You're not wrong.
They probably haven't made it
to the market yet,
but there actually is such
a thing as a generalized device
with auxiliary sights that
are integrated into it.
[Boy 2] Hold on.
Seriously?
It's some
cutting edge technology
that was unveiled last summer
in Dusseldorf, Germany.
It was that recently?
And they've already put
that technology to actual use?
‐ [Shinkurou] Right.
‐ [gasps]
[Shinkurou] I forgot
about it myself
until today's outcome
reminded me to look into it.
I'm impressed that you knew
about it, Kichijouji.
It's no wonder
that you're considered
the team's brain.
[grunts]
Still, the prototype that
was announced
and shown in Dusseldorf
most likely wasn't suitable
for practical usage.
It seemed rather clunky
and it was very imprecise.
In reality the device
was nothing more
than a mere proof
of concept mock up
that they just stuck together.
Yet today despite that,
the apparatus Miss Kitayama
of First High School employed
combined the efficiency
of a personal CAD
with the means to process
different activation sequences,
and that is the benefit
of utilizing
a generalized device.
Consider the meaning.
If a single engineer was the one
who made all that possible,
then it's far beyond
high school level.
[Masaki] It's the work
of a beast.
So you think
he's talented enough
for you to say that?
Masaki is right to be concerned.
However, it's physically
impossible
for one engineer to be in charge
of every event.
[Masaki] For whatever contest
their wonder king is working on,
we'll be facing
an uphill battle.
Remember, everyone.
In future matches,
we should take the field knowing
that device‐wise,
we're in the hole
by several generations.
[all gasping]
[indistinct chatter]
[Azusa] What's wrong, Shiba?
Is there a problem?
Don't you know
that Miss Mitsui's race isn't
for another two hours yet?
Well, I was thinking about
heading back to our lodgings,
but since I'm already out here,
I figured I should swing by
and see
if you two wanted any help.
Oh, my gosh.
Seriously?
In that case,
by all means,
take a look at my CAD!
Tone it down a little, Honoka.
You should realize putting it
that way is rude
to Miss Nakajou.
Oh!
Sorry about that.
Oh, it's all good.
Really, don't worry.
I totally get you didn't mean it
like that.
[Tatsuya] All right, then.
In that case,
let me rethink your strategy
for getting through the prelims.
[cheers and applause]
[beeping]
[Azusa] Hey, Tatsuya.
Why did you load up
Miss Mitsui's CAD
with so many optical
activation sequences prepared?
The Battle Board rules state:
"Using magic to interfere
with other contestants
is prohibited."
However, those rules
don't bar players
from hindering each other,
as the result
of magically interfering
with the surface
of the water itself.
What are these for?
Hmm?
[beeps]
[woman] On your mark.
[crowd cheering]
[chuckles]
Just what exactly
is the meaning of this?
[groans]
[beeping]
[grunts]
[gun fires]
[magical beeping]
[all shouting]
[grunts]
Fantastic!
[Miyuki] Was this stunt
my brother's strategy?
[woman] ♪♪ Soul Fever ♪♪
[Mizuki] It's true that she's
not technically breaking
any rules but‐‐
[Azusa] It never even occurred
to me that she would cast
an optical spell on
the water's surface!
[grunts]
[cheers and applause]
[breathing heavily]
I won!
Tatsuya, did you see me?
I came in first place!
I saw you.
All of us were watching.
Nicely done.
Oh.
That means the world to me.
Thank you.
‐ It was nothing, really.
‐ [Honoka] I‐‐I‐‐
I always wimp out
during matches.
whether it's the Boards day
or athletic meets
or tournaments like this one,
I've hardly ever won before.
[crying]
[exhales]
She's talking about
her elementary school days.
Ah.
[Honoka] It's all thanks to you,
Tatsuya!
You're why I made
it past prelims!
‐ [crying]
‐ [exhales]
[Mayumi] Well, the good news
is that Murasaki finished
as the runner up
in the boys' Speed Shooting.
So I assume the other two boys
got knocked out, then?
[Mayumi] There's
a big difference
in the results for the boys
and the girls, huh?
At this rate if we can't find
a way out of this slump of ours,
even if we fair well,
there might be repercussions
going forward.
I'm starting to think that
our team may just need
a boost to morale.
[both exhaling]
[Man] I thought Third High
was supposed to be
the front‐runner
for the rookie competitions.
[Man 2] After going
to the trouble
of orchestrating
Watanabe's withdrawal.
Nothing we did may matter.
At this rate First High will
end up winning despite that.
As book makers,
if the favorite wins,
then we'd be the biggest losers
out here,
for Pete's sake.
[Man 3] Not to mention the fact
that we drew
that we drew an especially
large crowd this time.
Won't be cheap for us
to pay out dividends
to every winner.
When that happens,
it's sure to put a huge dent
in our business this term,
and that would mean every one
of us at the table
will be violently purged
from the No Head Dragon.
[Man] Depending on the size
of our losses,
the boss just might do
the deed himself
with his own hands.
[Man 2] If it were just dying,
it wouldn't be so bad.
We have no choice.
We need to make a move now.
[grunts]
[Tatsuya] Hey, Miyuki.
Do you realize what time it is?
You know lack of sleep
will impair your concentration.
No one‐‐even you‐‐
is immune to sudden mistakes
that could end
in undeserved defeat.
[groans]
I'm really sorry, brother.
[Tatsuya] Just be mindful.
[door closes]
Well, it's about time
you head back to your room.
It's late,
so I can walk you back.
What's wrong, Miyuki?
Actually, brother,
can I talk to you?
Could you spare me one moment?
Just give me a little bit
of time, okay?
[grunts]
[exhales]
Just a few minutes,
all right?
[Miyuki] I just heard this
from Shizuku.
Brother, you turned down
the honor of having
your name added
to the index.
Is that correct?
Yeah.
Why do you do that?
Was it out of consideration
for our aunt's wishes?
[Tatsuya] It was.
[whimpers]
[Tatsuya] Magic University
has very good
research capabilities.
It's not far fetched to think
they could uncover and expose
my identity as Silver.
Plus the Yotsubas,
they want the info
to remain secret along
with my link to the family.
I still don't have
sufficient power.
Going one‐on‐one,
it's possible that I
could defeat the Queen
of the Night,
Maya Yotsuba.
After all,
my decomposition magic
is highly compatible
with our aunt's night magic.
But as I am right now,
even if I can manage
to take down our aunt,
I still can't subdue
the entire Yotsuba family.
Whether it be military strategy
or physical violence,
they alone aren't enough.
‐ [whimpers]
‐ [Tatsuya] Even if I overthrew
our aunt,
it would just clear the way
for another and even more
nefarious manipulator.
For now,
I must obey.
[Miyuki standing up]
[gasps]
[both gasping]
[crying]
I'm on your side, too,
remember?
[Miyuki crying]
Yes, Miyuki.
[Miyuki] I will always be on
your side, brother.
‐ [grunts]
‐ [Miyuki crying]
Your time will come.
I promise you.
It will come without fail.
Until then
and forever afterwards,
I will always be on your side,
brother!
[crying]
[indistinct chatter]
[Tatsuya] Shizuku.
Are you really going to compete
while dressed up like that?
[Shizuku] Yes, Tatsuya.
I really am.
Since the rules do
after all allow for it,
I might as well wear it.
[Tatsuya] Listen, Shizuku.
What's up?
Those sleeves are long.
Won't they get in your way?
Don't worry.
It'll be fine.
These sleeves are on
the short side
and I'm using my sash.
‐ [Shizuku] Besides‐‐
‐ [gasps]
I think it's less gaudy
than what Miss Chiyoda
and Eimi have been wearing.
[grunts]
[gun cocking]
[snickers]
[exhales sharply]
I understand that
they're allowed
to wear whatever gets them
the most pumped up, but...
[cheers and applause]
[Tatsuya] Looks like everyone's
putting on
a fashion show out there.
[platform clangs]
[crowd cheering]
[crowd roaring]
[Honoka] Miyuki,
aren't you going
to go see Tatsuya?
[Miyuki] Pillars Break
is a solo competition.
Since Shizuku and I
will eventually be competing
against each other,
wouldn't it be unfair
if I stole a look at her hand?
‐ That makes sense.
‐ [grunts]
[beeping]
[grunts]
[magical whirring]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[beeping and buzzing]
[glass shattering]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[Tatsuya] As expected,
Shizuku's really nailing it.
[shouts]
[grunts]
[magical booming]
[shouts]
[cheers and applause]
[magical whooshing]
[Honoka] His magic sequence
is as beautiful as ever.
Just like it was on that day.
[beeping]
[Man] Next, number 267,
Miyuki Shiba.
[Miyuki] Right.
[magical beeping]
[all gasping]
She has astounding
magical power.
Next up is Tatsuya Shiba,
268.
Right.
[magical whooshing]
[Honoka] It was such
a beautiful spell.
No light wave
noise emission whatsoever.
Tatsuya was pouring all
his magical power
into phenomenon rewriting.
[Miyuki] Honoka,
is something the matter?
Ah, what?
I'm sorry.
It's nothing, really.
[door opens and closes]
both: Huh?
Hi there,
both of you.
We're here to cheer you on.
I certainly appreciate
that you've come here
to root for us,
but Chief Watanabe,
shouldn't you be
in bed right now?
Great.
Now you, too?
Everybody's been treating me
like I'm some sort
of invalid lately.
Quit worrying so much.
It's not as if I'm going
to be bouncing around here.
[Tatsuya] Shouldn't you
be stationed
at our headquarters,
chairwoman?
It's good.
We're covered.
I've left it in our
vice president's capable hands.
[scoffs]
Miyuki.
You've got a reliable
cheering section,
but try not to let it make you
more nervous.
Please, don't worry.
[Miyuki] Because after all,
I have you by my side.
[grunts]
[all gasping]
[beeping]
[grunts]
[shouts]
[beeping]
[magical whooshing]
[gasps]
[grunting]
What do I do?
[beeping]
‐ [gasps]
‐ I don't believe it.
It's crazy.
That's Inferno Magic.
[whooshing]
[groaning]
[beeping]
[grunts]
[crowd cheering]
[Nanami] That thing Miyuki did,
that was amazing, wasn't it?
It's called Inferno, right?
The upperclass women
were astounded.
They said even most
Rank A magicians struggle
to pull it off.
[Girl] And Shizuku was so cool,
too.
I loved her long sleeve kimono
and the way she drove
her opponent into
a corner so mercilessly.
Like, beyond cool!
Was Shiba and Shizuku's spell
a variation on resonance?
[Girl 2] So Shiba did design
that activation sequence?
[Eimi] The spell Shizuku used
in her Speed Shooting match,
that was an original
Shiba created, right?
And it's all thanks to Shiba
that Inferno got programmed
in the first place.
[Girl 3] I heard Honoka's
blinding flash strategy
was also Shiba's brain child.
[Nanami] How lucky
for those two.
Hmm?
If Tatsuya had been my engineer
as well,
I just might have won my event,
too.
[grunts]
[Miyuki] Nanami,
don't you think that remark
was a bit inappropriate?
[Eimi] Come on, Nana.
You shouldn't blame your CAD
for your own lack of experience.
[giggles]
I'm sorry.
[Honoka] Although thanks
to Shiba,
I was able to perform better
than usual.
No question there.
[Eimi] In a sense,
calibrating your CAD
is like exposing
your inner‐most feelings,
isn't it?
To do that for a male engineer,
well,
I did have reservations
at first,
but now I really feel lucky
to have Shiba looking after me.
We should be thankful that
the boys let us have Shiba
in their place,
‐ [grunts]
Hey, wait a second, Morisaki!
Morisaki, what's goin' on?
[Shun] Listen up,
you guys.
We're gonna win
Monolith Code tomorrow
no matter what it takes.
[both gasping]
All right.
Just wait and see.
I'm gonna prove once
and for all
without any shadow of a doubt
Blooms are superior to Weeds!
[ELISA singing in Japanese]
[ELISA's "Millenario"]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Shape of my love ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Eternal song ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
[cicadas chirping]
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
I'm Masaki Ichijou,
first year,
a student at Third High School.
You can call me
Shinkurou Kichijouji,
another first year
at Third High.